lib: at_host: use ncs,at-host-uart (#8260)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/at_host.rst

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AT_HOST_CMD_MAX_LEN` - Sets the maximum length for an AT command
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AT_HOST_THREAD_PRIO` - Sets the priority level for the AT host work queue thread

> The UART is chosen in Devicetree by using ``ncs,at-host-uart`` like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UART is chosen by using ``ncs,at-host-uart`` in devicetree in the following way:
```
Just a minor suggestion.
